Improve docs and behavior on complex examples. (#126)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: README.md

  - The example shows how to implement multi-interface robot hardware taking care about interfaces used.
    The two illegal controllers demonstrate how hardware interface declines faulty claims to access joint command interfaces.

Moving the robot:
  - when using velocity controller:
    ```
    ros2 topic pub /forward_velocity_controller/commands std_msgs/msg/Float64MultiArray "data:
    - 0.5
    - 0.5"
    ```

  - when using acceleration controller
    ```
    ros2 topic pub /forward_acceleration_controller/commands std_msgs/msg/Float64MultiArray "data:
    - 0.01
    - 0.01"
    ```

> Useful launch-file options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Useful launch file options:
```

>   - `robot_controller:=forward_position_controller` - start demo and spawnes position controller. Robot can be then controlled using `forward_position_controller` as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `robot_controller:=forward_position_controller` - starts demo and spawns position controller. Robot can be then controlled using `forward_position_controller` as described below.
```

>   - `robot_controller:=forward_acceleration_controller` - start demo and spawnes acceleration controller. Robot can be then controlled using `forward_position_controller` as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `robot_controller:=forward_acceleration_controller` - starts demo and spawns acceleration controller. Robot can be then controlled using `forward_acceleration_controller` as described below.
```
